fix several typos (#8)
openpgp-pqc/draft-ehlen-openpgp-nist-bp-comp: draft-ehlen-openpgp-nist-bp-comp.md

The ML-KEM + ECC composite public-key encryption schemes are built according to the following principal design:

>  - The ML-KEM encapsulation algorithm is invoked to create an ML-KEM ciphertext together with an ML-KEM symmetric key share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The ML-KEM encapsulation algorithm is invoked to create an ML-KEM ciphertext together with an ML-KEM shared secret key.
```

The usual KEM terminolofy is "shared secret" and in FIPS 203 ipd they write "share secret key".

Reviewer: This might have to be applied to other places as well. I don't object to leaving it as is, but I think "shared secret (key)" would be better.

Reviewer 2: In order not to hold up our submission version, I made an issue for your proposal: https://github.com/openpgp-pqc/draft-ehlen-openpgp-nist-bp-comp/issues/11
